[Music]
that was the last day yeah so now we're
gonna go to the whale footprint
[Music]
Oh got it beautiful
a beautiful little piece of whale skin
oh I can smell the whale seriously
that's fantastic
but what about the science now we've
recovered this what can you learn from
this fragment of skin
well this fragment of skin is super
important for our studies because with
this fragment we can know whether
they're females or males you can extract
DNA from this yes there is enough DNA
there yeah to get the sex ID okay so you
get sex ID anything more so we kind of
like use the whale to track what the
whale has been potentially feeding on
and therefore maybe where in the world
has been feeding correct
yeah that's correct so this little
fragment of skin potentially contains a
lot of personal information about this
one whale and we've recovered it
non-intrusive li9 interesting no
biopsies simply waiting to pick up a bit
for loading skin
[Music]
you